Update faq (#3596)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/hip_porting_guide.md

* NVIDIA platform
On NVIDIA platform, HIP is just a thin layer on top of CUDA.

> The environment variable `HIP_PLATFORM` can be used to specify, what runtime
> should be used. The platform is detected automatically by HIP. When an AMD
> graphics driver and an AMD GPU is detected, `HIP_PLATFORM` is set to `amd`.
> If both runtimes are installed, and a specific one should be used, or HIP is
> unable to detect the runtime, setting the environment variable manually tells
> `hipcc` what compilation path to choose.
> To use the CUDA compilation path, set the environment variable
> to `HIP_PLATFORM=nvidia`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `HIP_PLATFORM` specifies the runtime to use.
The platform is detected automatically by HIP. When an AMD
graphics driver and an AMD GPU is detected, `HIP_PLATFORM` is set to `amd`.
If both runtimes are installed, and a specific one should be used, or HIP can't detect the runtime, setting the environment variable manually tells
`hipcc` what compilation path to choose.
To use the CUDA compilation path, set the environment variable
to `HIP_PLATFORM=nvidia`.
```
